no relah goes into it just perfect we
just started doing this in if you see
she's sort of leaning against me that's
not a big deal we just do it again and
we're not really giving her a big
congratulations until she's doing it how
I want her to do it so you know we're
gonna train the dog here we're gonna
drill the dog in a short period less
than four minutes and she start the dog
will just start functioning you know you
take your dog out it's not gonna be
perfect the first time you start
drilling the dog it just gets easier and
easier and the dog starts picking up
what you want because you pet the dog
and give it heavy praise when it does it
right maybe if it just does it okay it's
just good girl and you don't add add the
petting but if the dogs doing it really
good and then you know you want to keep
the attitude up with the dog pet the dog
by saying good boy or good girl
you know petting on the chest it can be
helpful it doesn't cause any excitement
right so we do that and when you pet the
dog you should think of it it's like
kind of like a deep-tissue you don't
want to do a light touch with the dog
right you want to make sure that the dog
feels it right so none of that's like
very light stroking that's a sure way to
you know scrub your dog don't do it so
this is what it's about drill on the dog
because drilling the dog we can give the
dog discipline right this way you're
ensuring that the dog is getting
disciplined daily and your dog is
learning right and being conditioned
properly dog said that that are drilled
all the time and that you don't think
there's no problem with the dog they're
compliant you know the owners spending
time with the dog I can't I can't
express this enough drilling the dog
daily is so important that makes the
dogs tame and makes them compliant and
good citizens in the human world right
now what I'm doing is I'm just going in
different positions and making Rella
find me at heel right just standing
right next to her but the heel is on the
left hand side the left hand side only
so I'm just moving around you know just
kind of screwing with her because that's
bored so I'm just throwing this end like
just come to heel this way understanding
here come to heel you know she guys a
little you know trouble here but she
finds her spot it's no big deal this dog
is working underneath the train and on
Broadway right so we worked the dog
around distractions and make the dog be
compliant around distractions I don't
care if the guy in the wheelchair is
coming down the street dog you know you
need to behave I don't care if the
midget without legs you know it's coming
towards you in the Pride Jezzie or on
the skateboard I really don't care how
weird it looks do you dog you're
supposed to be paying attention to me so
all this is you know you can convey this
to your dog through training it daily
those less than four minutes less than
four minutes
if you have a dog you should be able to
find four minutes to train your dog on a
daily basis this owner and gonna have
any problems training this dog because
this dog is such a blast to work with
but even if you have a typical dog you
should be able to fund four minutes a
day that's what I'm saying this dog's
attitude is as good as you can get but
even if you have a dog with the shitty
attitude you can find four minutes of
your day to work with your dog everyone
can there's no excuse